/*
 * Following points were discussed
 * in the telephonic conference held on 12th Apr 2014 at
 * 2200 hrs.
 */

 1.  	Since the "Moving Ball" Game has already been implemented,
	the Idea of pursuing it is dropped, until such a time, if we
	can come up with a sell-able twist.

 2. 	Shivu has come up with another Game idea, which is based on
 	the "2048" game. He has the complete idea of the game details.
	We need to discuss it with him in detail, once every has already
	played the 2048 game and is on the same page. It doesn't need very long
	duration  of coding to be completed as per the discussions.
	But yet to confirm the status on that.

 3. 	We will be begining with the simplified version of the Scheduler
 	app. As going on forward, we shall break down the complete app into
	eatable chucks and build our skill sets along the way.

 4. 	The first level or the Milestone 1, shall be where in we develop the
 	"To-Do List taker" individually(not strictly). 

	"To-do list taker" 
	Details:
		- After launching , the app shall provide the user with 
		  a screen where in he\she can add a new LIST.
		- LIST contails a field where he/she cna further add
		  new to-do items. Facility to edit/modify/delete the 
		  already existing items, should be present.
		- The initial page can list all the LISTs present, so 
		  so that the user can recall the ones which he/she likes.		
	Deadline:
		- 3 weeks from the meeting date.
		- Soft deadline --> 3rd MAY 2014
	
 5. 	The skill set needed to do the Milestone 1, should be studied along 
 	the way. Pranav will be posting the videos links, which contain
	- Learning Java first hand -> programming methodology course by stanford.
	- Learning android programming  methodology via a series of 200 videos available on the youtube.

	Besides the above, anyone aware of any other links can post it in the 
	googlegroups.

 6. 	Participants, who are willing to code, can learn and post/push there
 	code on to the github aayudha->Startup, by creating a folder of their
	name under the Milestone_1 stream.
	This shall help, others understand as to where if some one is stuck,
	 also helps the person to refer or get the code reviewed by peers,
	 if interested.

 7. 	Participants who want to contribute other than coding/programming, have
 	lot in store too.
	Prime tasks to be done.
		- Look up on the net, as to any other app/idea is already
		  present on the same lines as we are attempting, keeping
		  both the smaller and the larger picture of the complete 
		  app.
		- Come up with a differentiated list of app, with their feature
		  /pros/cons etc..
		- Also, need to look at any/all apps in general, and come up
		  with the UI DESIGN for our app/Milestones.
		- The UI has to be designed, by answering queries like
			- How wud the user want the UI to look.
			- Wot are the elements (button, text fields), wud like
			  as we perceive or listing alternatives looking/mining
			  other good apps for their UI design.
			- [Kindly add in more points along the way]

 8. 	Hence  forth, a weekly status stream will be present in GitHub, under startup,
 	where in all can update on Every Saturday night, as to wot is there
	status under their name in the sheet present
	Path---->  startup -> weekly_status_report --> concerned weeks sheet.

	Please don't hesistate to fill, "Had a busy week, so cudn't progress",
	if we didn't have time.
	The main purpose of the weekly update, is to know what all 
	concepts is the TEAM as a whole knowing till dat point.

 9. 	The manangerial steps/orientations/decisions on how the team can go
 	about, the methodologies and strategies needed to stide forward 
	efficiently will be taken up, once everyone has completed the Milestone1
	as then we all be in a position to judge our capabilites
	and  also come up with the list of difficulties we have faced and 
	improvement or suggestions or methodologies we'd like
	everyone to follow to make certain task efficiently.
	[more light has to be thorwn]
